DOCSP-46695: Add extra info on load balancing to connection targets page (#164)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/connect/connection-targets.txt

   uri = "mongodb://host1:27017/?replicaSet=sampleRS"
   client = MongoClient(uri)

> {+driver-short+} evenly load balances operations across deployments that fall within

Reviewer: By "deployments that fall within" do you mean deployments that are reachable within the configured `localThresholdMS`? The current wording is a little unclear.

   uri = "mongodb://host1:27017/?replicaSet=sampleRS"
   client = MongoClient(uri)

> {+driver-short+} evenly load balances operations across the specified deployments
> within the specified ``localThresholdMS`` of the lowest-latency deployment. The
> ``localThresholdMS`` option defaults to ``15``.
> 
> To learn more about how {+driver-short+} load balances operations across multiple
> MongoDB deployments, see the :ref:`pymongo-server-selection` guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{+driver-short+} evenly load balances operations across the lowest latency deployments
determined by the client's ``localThresholdMS`` value. To learn more about how 
{+driver-short+} load balances operations across multiple MongoDB deployments, 
see the :ref:`pymongo-server-selection` guide.
```
S: Edited first sentence for clarity. Deleted second sentence as it didn't seem like a necessary detail when they should visit the guide for more information.

Author: Will remove the second sentence and modify the first sentence.
